Entity type: places
Name: Denver Art Museum
Title: Denver Art Museum
URL: https://www.denverartmuseum.org/en
Query: 
Fetched at: 2026-04-21T23:54:33.832Z

Denver Art Museum Skip to main content Main navigation Visit Plan Your Visit Events Calendar Group Tours Accessibility Dining Event Rental Art Exhibitions Collections Search the Collection Provenance Research Consultations and NAGPRA Publications Programs Adults Families Artists Educators Creative Aging Untitled: Artist Takeover Shop Buy Tickets Membership Donate Search Search the Collections Search Text Buy Tickets Menu Pause/Play Video Welcome to the Denver Art Museum Today is April 21. We are open 10 am – 8 pm. What's on View Now On View The Stars We Do Not See Australian Indigenous Art Now On View Conversation Pieces Stories from the Fashion Archives Now On View What We’ve Been Up To: People Now On View Space Is the Place Art & Design in the Atomic Age Now On View 'Round the Clock 24 Hours of Colorado in Prints Upcoming Events Dive deeper into art and join us for one of these upcoming events or programs. View Calendar Apr 21, 2026 The Lives of Objects: Provenance Research in Focus Apr 24, 2026 Untitled: Artist Takeover Join featured artists Leilani Derr and Sueyeun Juliette Lee for the spring edition of Untitled: Artist Takeover! Occurs weekly on Saturday for 4 times. Next is Apr 25, 2026 Demo Artist: Lilian Lara Join artist Lilian Lara for Studio Saturdays in the Cosmic Studio. Apr 26, 2026 Día del Niño 2026 Join us for our annual Día del Niño (Children's Day) festivities, a day to celebrate children across the globe. Apr 28, 2026 Mindful Looking Online Mindful Looking invites you to slow down and spend time with a single work of art. Apr 29, 2026 Luncheon by Design 2026 Designer Joe McFate and curator Jill D’Alessandro offer a rare behind-the-curtain discussion celebrating the artistry and impact of fashion legend Bob Mackie. May 1-3, 2026 Spring Member Shopping Sale Members enjoy 25-40% off all items in the Shop, May 1-3. Occurs monthly on Tuesday. Next is May 5, 2026 Drop-In Drawing with Anna Kaye Immerse yourself in the art-filled atmosphere of our museum with an in-person drawing session with artist Anna Kaye. Occurs weekly on Saturday for 4 times. Next is May 9, 2026 Demo Artist: Lizzy Truskin Join artist Lizzy Truskin for Studio Saturdays in the Cosmic Studio. May 12, 2026 Free Day at the DAM Engage with art, experience onsite activities, and explore the art on view all while enjoying free general admission! May 12, 2026 ' Round the Table with Colorado Printmakers Join a panel conversation with professional printmakers featured in 'Round the Clock: 24 Hours of Colorado in Prints . Occurs monthly on Thursday. Next is May 14, 2026 Art & About Designed for visitors with early-stage Alzheimer's or dementia and their care partners, experience art while led by a specially trained guide. May 15, 2026 Interwoven: Creating Community by Supporting Artistic Innovation in Textile Arts and Fashion May 15, 2026 Quarterly Wine Pairing Dinner Series at The Ponti Occurs monthly on Tuesday. Next is May 19, 2026 Mindful Looking Mindful Looking invites you to slow down and spend time with a single work of art. May 19, 2026 Logan Lecture: Hayv Kahraman Hayv Kahraman draws from her experience as a refugee in exile from her native Iraq, weaving ideas of narrative, memory, and diaspora into her art. Occurs monthly on Thursday. Next is May 21, 2026 Create & Play Create & Play is an early-childhood program offering a range of activities and interactive experiences for the whole family. May 26, 2026 Artist Talk with Dabin Ahn Join the Arts of Asia department for a special conversation with artist Dabin Ahn, in celebration of AAPI Month. Creative Classes The next semester of Creative Classes are now on sale! Choose between painting, drawing, mixed media, and textile classes and resolve to be more creative in 2026. Learn more April 21–May 12, 2026 - 5:30-7:30 pm Painting: Flow State Explore the connections between intuitive painting, mindfulness, and community. April 23–May 14, 2026 - 10 am–12 pm Painting: Introduction to Watercolor Learn a variety of watercolor techniques and experiment with the ways watercolor interacts with other media. May 2, 2026 Drawing: Exploring Unconventional Tools Create tools and play with a variety of unusual materials to draw unique works on paper. May 16 & 23, 2026 - 10 am–2 pm Drawing: Discovering Butterflies Join the Butterfly Pavilion and the Denver Art Museum for a two-part artistic adventure! News from the Blog Catch up with the latest news and updates from the museum. View blog What to See and Do at the Denver Art Museum - Spring 2026 Guide Learn about new exhibitions and fun events in April and May. Cloud World by Maynard Dixon American artist Maynard Dixon depicts the vast spaces and minute details of desert landscapes through rich color and thoughtful framing. Women in the Frame: Art, Fashion, and Colorado History Explore how women shaped our state’s cultural landscape with creativity, conviction, and bold individuality. Provenance Department Year in Review Highlights from the past year. May Wilfley: Denver Renaissance Woman Researching a dress in the DAM's collection sheds light on this inspiring local figure. Vance Kirkland & the Art of Space The artist created numerous series of paintings inspired by his love of the cosmos. Artist David Huffman's Provo Soul The artist layers references to progressive Black politics, Afrofuturism, Pop art, basketball, and Soul Train . Creative Rituals for Self Care Artist Sarah Darlene discusses how creativity and mindfulness can help you stay grounded. The Black Arts Collective This group was launched in 2023 to further strengthen the museum’s collection with acquisitions by Black artists. Designing for Accessibility: Year One Update An overview of the goals we've accomplished so far and the work that will come next. More than Mere Returns: Restitution and Repair Work at the Denver Art Museum Invest in Art & Culture for Future Generations Make a planned gift to help sustain the museum for years to come. Monica Curiel Discusses Her La Mari Chair The artist recently spoke with the DAM about her work and the interactions between art, design, and her family and cultural identity. Ugly Crying in the Art Museum I had entered the museum with certain expectations.... What I found was so much more than I could have dreamed. Explore Three Artworks in 30 Minutes 3 in 30 Tours highlight how unexpected connections between artworks can spark new ideas and perspectives. A Wall That Speaks: ¿Being Home? by Rupprecht Matthies Rupprecht Matthies’ installation ¿Being Home? invites visitors to reflect on the concept of "home" through a vibrant garden of words. From Stress Relief to Reduced Inflammation: The Powerful Benefits of Awe Gifts of Art: Frederick and Jan Mayer’s Lasting Impact Learn about an atrial cross and a painting in our Latin American art collection. A New View: Charles Harrison’s View-Master The DAM recently acquired this iconic object, highlighting Harrison’s lasting influence on everyday design. Words and Images Come Alive Unlike most books that rely exclusively on two dimensions—letters printed on the page—Mesoamerican codices existed in three dimensions. Sons of the Sun by Teri Greeves Watch a video with the artist and check out a Google Arts & Culture feature to learn more. Discover More as a Member Membership unlocks access to more than ever before! As a member you'll enjoy daily free general admission, discounts at the Shop and on ticketed exhibitions, guest passes to share with family and friends, a subscription to our bimonthly member magazine, and so much more. Become a member today and know that your support helps your Denver Art Museum preserve and share our collection for all to enjoy. Learn more Free for Kids All visitors 18 and under enjoy free general admission to the museum every day, thanks to the Free for Kids program presented by Bellco Credit Union. Explore our online calendar and our family programs to help map out your fun on your next visit. View Calendar View Family Programs Eat at The Ponti The Ponti, located in the Sie Welcome Center of the Martin Building, combines art with dining to present a locally-sourced and seasonally-inspired menu. Come for lunch on weekdays, brunch on the weekends, and dinner on Tuesday and Friday nights. A museum ticket is not required to dine at The Ponti. Follow The Ponti's Instagram account ( @thepontidenver ) for information about giveaways, new additions to the menu, and more. Learn more Stop by the Shops Bring a piece of the museum home with you! Stop by the shops during regular museum hours or shop online now to find unique art-inspired products, including jewelry, home goods, books, art activities, and many other delightfully creative gifts. Sign up for our shops email newsletter to stay in the know about sales and new merch! Nonmembers will receive a welcome with 10% off your first online order. Members will receive a welcome with 20% off your first online order. Sign up today . Visit Online Shop Get the Newsletter Sign up for Art Mail. About About Us History The Buildings Values and Philosophy Leadership Careers, Internships, and Volunteers Blog FAQs Resources News Hub Event Rental Photo & Video Requests Image Rights Requests Outgoing Loan Program Conservation Publications Research and Reports Support Make a Donation Giving Information Membership Contribute and Connect Fundraising Events Corporate Engagement Legacy Giving Contact Us 100 W 14th Ave. Pkwy. Denver, Colorado (720) 865-5000 Contact Us Connect With Us Facebook Instagram Youtube Supported By Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Copyright Denver Art Museum 2025 Close Menu English Español Search Site Menu Visit Plan Your Visit Events Calendar Group Tours Accessibility Dining Event Rental Art Exhibitions Collections Search the Collection Provenance Research Consultations and NAGPRA Publications Programs Adults Families Artists Educators Creative Aging Untitled: Artist Takeover Shop Buy Tickets Membership Donate
